What is new in Python8
New Features
1.Walrus operator
Ans: It is an assignment operator ".=" that is used to assign values to a variable as a larger part of the expression
2.Positional-only-parameters:
Ans: A/B, There is a new function parameter syntax "/",it is used to indicate that some parameters can be used positionally and  cannot be used as a keyword.
3. Parallel Filesystem cache:
Ans: There is a new PYTHONCACHEPREFIX setting in python 3.8, it configures the implicit bytecode cache to use a separate parallel filesystem tree.
4.Debug Build:
Ans: With python3.8 , the same ABI is used whether it is built in debug mode or in release mode. when python used UNIX in debug mode, it is now possible to load C extensions that are built in release mode and the extensions build using the stable ABI.
5.f-Strings Support
Ans: Python 3.8 has added 1= specifier for f-strings.
6.Run-Time Audit Hook
Ans: Audit Hook: An audit hook in an application is an exit point that allows the auditor to add the modules subsequently.
Verified Open Hook: The verified open hook allows python embedders to integrate with operating system support when launching script or importing python code.
7. Initialization configuration:  
Ans: Python 3.8 adds new C API to configure the initialization for finer control and better error reporting the following new structures are added.
a.PyConfig
b.PyPreConfig
c.PyStatus
d.PyWideStringList

8.Vectorcall:
Ans: It is fast calling protocol for CPython, it is added to the Python/C . it is basically meant to formalize the existing optimizations that were already made for various classed.

9.Pickle Protocol 5:
Ans: a. It covers the extra metadata needed for out-of banc=d data buffers
b. pickle 5 has a new pick Buffer type for __redce_ex__ implementations to return out-of-bad data buffers. It has a new buffer_callback parameter when picking to handle out-of-band data buffers\
c. It also has a new buffers parameter when unpicking to provide out-of-band data buffers.

New Modules:

1.importlib.metadata
Ans: There has been an addition of a new module in python 3.8, the new importlib.metadata module provides provisional support for reading metadata from third party packages.

Other language changes
1. Syntax warnings
2. Reversible Dictionaries
EX: A:10,B:20 Reversed() B:20,A:10
3. Multiprocessing shared memory
4. Typing module improvements 
5. Date and Date wise calendar
